AST-495 - imprv: Changed submenu container animation option name from Default to None (#2847)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Cart Icon not working with Sticky Header after enabling the option "Hide when scrolling down" on mobile devices.
- Fix: Secondary menu not expendable on mobile when it is outside of Off Canvas.
- Improvement: Added close button for multiselect selected items in Google font variants.

> - Improvement: Changed sub-menu container animation option name from "Default" to "None". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Changed sub-menu container animation option name from 'Default' to 'None'. 
```

Author: Done
